fix(clapi): update clapi documentation for contact template (next) (#1649)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.10/api/clapi.md

| Name                | Name of contact                               |
| Alias (login)       | Alias of contact (also login id)              |
| Email               | Email of contact                              |

> | Password            | Password of contact (this field doesn't applies contact templates) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Password            | Password of contact (this field doesn't apply to contact templates) |
```
